Delph add example 6 (#2845)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/built-in-functions/terms/sorted/sorted.md

print(my_sorted_list)
# Output: [4, 3, 2, 1]
```

## Example 6

Sorting a list of dictionaries based on a specific key:

Given a list of dictionaries, they can be sorted based on a specific key within each dictionary: 

> ```python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```codebyte/python
```

> Suppose you have a list of dictionaries, and you want to sort them based on a specific key within each dictionary: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Given a list of dictionaries, they can be sorted based on a specific key within each dictionary: 
```
We avoid first- and second-person pronouns in Docs.

my_list_of_dicts = [
    {"name": "Alice", "age": 30},
    {"name": "Bob", "age": 25},
    {"name": "Charlie", "age": 35},
    {"name": "David", "age": 28}
]

# Sort the list of dictionaries based on the "age" key in ascending order
sorted_list = sorted(my_list_of_dicts, key=lambda x: x["age"])

print(sorted_list)

> # Output: [{'name': 'Bob', 'age': 25}, {'name': 'David', 'age': 28}, {'name': 'Alice', 'age': 30}, {'name': 'Charlie', 'age': 35}]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: codebytes are runnable so the output will be displayed, it doesn't need to be included as a comment

# Sort the list of dictionaries based on the "name" key in alphabetical order (case-insensitive)
sorted_list_by_name = sorted(my_list_of_dicts, key=lambda x: x["name"].lower())

print(sorted_list_by_name)

> # Output: [{'name': 'Alice', 'age': 30}, {'name': 'Bob', 'age': 25}, {'name': 'Charlie', 'age': 35}, {'name': 'David', 'age': 28}]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
